# Homework-1-Case Study-Mohamed Badsi
## Overview and Origin
* The name of the project that I will talk about in this case study is Cardano. Cardano is not much of a company yet, it is more of a project, a well developped project. Cardano is a blockchaine-based cryptocurency network. They aim to be a smart contract platform as well as a traditional asset based cryptocurrency. Very semilar to Ethereum, Cardano is aiming to build a brand new blockcahin ecosystem. 
* ADA, which is Cardano's cryptocurrency, was created in 2015. The development of the platform started when ADA was released, however, not until 2017, Cardano's platform finally launched. The founder of Caredano is Charles Hoskinson who was once the co-founder of Ehtereum.
* Charles Hoskinson left Ethereum and co-founded a blockchain engineering company named Input Output Hong Kong (IOHK). IOHK main job is to make sure the Cardano platform is developped properly. 
* The idea of the project came after seeing that Bitcoin's and Ethereum's blockchains are largely in the hand of a few minners who keep mining a tremendous amount of coins. This goes against the idea of decentralizations, where a few individuals can make a numerous transactions and pocket the fees. Cardano has a vision of a "world without intermediaries, in which power is not controlled by an accountable few, but the empowered many". This means that they are against having a few people having absolute control. 
* Cardano recieves it funds through people and institutions buying ADA. IOHK also plays a roll into how to allocate these funds and the distribution of ADA. Since, there founding is based on coin offering. The only way to know how much funding Cardano has recieved by now is by looking at their market cap. Cardano's market cap is $41 billion dollars. We have to take into account that Market Cap does not mean how much money Cardano has recieved. Maket cap is just the price of the coin multiplied by the limited supply of ADA. 

## Business Activities